docs(dropdownlist): Add KB for No data text visibility in popup (#1899)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/dropdownlist-kb-nodatatext.md

---

> title: No Data Text in DropDownList Popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "No Data" Text Missing in DropDownList Popup
```

> description: Is there a way to have the "No data" text vertically aligned based on the popup height in order to have it always visible?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to make the "No Data" text vertically aligned based on the dropdown height in order to have it always visible?
```

type: troubleshooting

> page_title: No Data Text Not Visible in the DropDownList Popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "No Data" Text Not Visible in the DropDownList Popup
```

> title: "No Data" Text Missing in DropDownList Popup
> description: How to make the "No Data" text vertically aligned based on the dropdown height in order to have it always visible?
> type: troubleshooting
> page_title: "No Data" Text Not Visible in the DropDownList Popup

Author: ```suggestion
title: 'No Data' Text Missing in DropDownList Popup
description: How to make the "No Data" text vertically aligned based on the dropdown height in order to have it always visible?
type: troubleshooting
page_title: 'No Data' Text Not Visible in the DropDownList Popup
```

> title: 'No Data' Text Missing in DropDownList Popup
> description: How to make the "No Data" text vertically aligned based on the dropdown height in order to have it always visible?
> type: troubleshooting
> page_title: 'No Data' Text Not Visible in the DropDownList Popup

Author: ```suggestion
title: No Data Text Missing in DropDownList Popup
description: How to make the "No Data" text vertically aligned based on the dropdown height in order to have it always visible?
type: troubleshooting
page_title: No Data Text Not Visible in the DropDownList Popup
```

slug: dropdownlist-kb-nodatatext
tags: telerik, blazor, dropdownlist, popup, dropdownlistpopupsettings, css
ticketid: 1635198
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>DropDownList for Blazor, <br /> AutoComplete for Blazor, <br /> MultiSelect for Blazor, <br /> ComboBox for Blazor, <br /> MultiColumnComboBox for Blazor</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

> When the popup is smaller than the default `min-height` of the no data template, the "No data" text is not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the popup is smaller than the default `min-height` of the no data template, the "No Data" text is not visible.
```

## Cause

> The default `min-height` of the `.k-nodata` class is 140px. The default `min-height` of the popup is 200px. If the `Height` or `MaxHeight` of the popup is equal to or smaller than 100px, the "No data" text is not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `min-height` of the `.k-nodata` class is `140px`. The default `height` of the popup is `200px`. If the `Height` or `MaxHeight` of the popup is equal to or smaller than `100px`, the "No Data" text is not visible.
```

---

> title: No data text in DropDownList popup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: No Data Text in DropDownList Popup
```

description: Is there a way to have the "No data" text vertically aligned based on the popup height in order to have it always visible?
type: troubleshooting

> page_title: No data text not visible in DropDownList popup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
page_title: No Data Text Not Visible in the DropDownList Popup
```

slug: dropdownlist-kb-nodatatext
tags: telerik, blazor, dropdownlist, popup, dropdownlistpopupsettings, css
ticketid: 1635198
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>DropDownList for Blazor, <br /> AutoComplete for Blazor, <br /> MultiSelect for Blazor, <br /> ComboBox for Blazor, <br /> MultiColumnComboBox for Blazor</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

> When the popup is smaller than the default min-height of the no data template, the "No data" text is not visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the popup is smaller than the default `min-height` of the no data template, the "No data" text is not visible.
```

## Cause

> The default min-height of the .k-nodata class is 140px. The default min-height of the popup is 200px. If the Height or MaxHeight of the popup is equal to or smaller than 100px - the "No data" text will not be visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default `min-height` of the `.k-nodata` class is 140px. The default `min-height` of the popup is 200px. If the `Height` or `MaxHeight` of the popup is equal to or smaller than 100px, the "No data" text is not visible.
```

## Solution

> The DropDownList popup setting `Class` lets you define a CSS class that will be rendered on the popup element.

Reviewer 2: Consider being more specific here. What's the exact solution here? Is it to set the min-height to auto? Is it to set it to a fixed height? Right now this sentence doesn't really provide a solution but shares general information.
